[docs] add `set_preferred_zones` like in https://docs.yugabyte.com/latest/de… (#4714)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/multi-dc/3dc-deployment.md

}
```

One additional option to consider is to set a preferred location for all the tablet leaders using the [yb-admin set_preferred_zones](../../../admin/yb-admin#set-preferred-zones) command. 

> For multi-row or multi-table transactional operations, colocating the leaders to be in a single zone/region can help reduce the number 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-row or multi-table transactional operations, colocating the leaders within a single zone or region can help reduce the number 
```

> of cross-region network hops involved in executing the transaction and as a result improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of cross-region network hops involved in executing a transaction and, as a result, improve performance.
```

The following command sets the preferred zone to `aws.us-west.us-west-2a`:

```sh
$ ./bin/yb-admin \
    --master_addresses 172.151.17.130:7100,172.151.17.220:7100,172.151.17.140:7100 \
    set_preferred_zones  \
    aws.us-west.us-west-2a
```

> Looking again at the cluster config you should see `affinitized_leaders` added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking again at the cluster configuration, you should see `affinitized_leaders` added:
```
